We have detected evidence
of extra-terrestrial life.
Why are we detecting this now?
Perhaps they were looking for us.
Emily, what are you doing?
Come with me right now,
or you're gonna die.
-Everyone's dead, aren't they?
-Hey, are you guys okay?
You've be looking after all of them.
-What the hell is that?
-MAN: I have no idea.
-I didn't mean to scare you.
-My sight's come back.
It's not like my sight was before.
It's different.
So where are you going?
I'm trying to find a way
to kill these things.
How the hell do they know
so much about us?
This is my son Sacha.
Anything that you can tell me will help.
You feel what they feel.
You're the one person they don't want.
Why is that?
No.
EMILY: I have to go to them.
It's the only way to find out
why this is happening to me.
I have to know.
-What are you doing?
-I have to know.
(DRAMATIC MUSIC)
(BREATHING)
(TENSE MUSIC)
(SOBBING)
(GASPING)
You’re human.
(PANTING)
Why have you got the same tattoo as me?
Tell me. Tell me.
(GASPING)
(WHIRRING)
(RUMBLING)
(RATTLING)
(GASPS)
Why do we keep finding them in rivers?
Maybe it’s what they do with their dead.
We've heard they’ve found them
in lakes and canals.
It's so weird. They look just like us.
They are us. They're human.
Just don't ask me how it's possible.
What's wrong with them?
They have, uh, unique mutations
in their DNA.
It seems to affect all of them.
It's like they're siblings.
Maybe the ones we've found
are from the same family.
Well, whatever caused the mutations
is a weakness. We can exploit them.
The biological weapon you're developing.
That’s what they say.
Bill Ward is gonna kill all the aliens.
-Are you?
-I'm trying.
So, how are you feeling about tomorrow?
Well, at least
we get to kill some of them.
It's better than watching
my friends die.
You coming with us?
(CHUCKLES) With my knees,
you'd have to carry me.
Tom, I...
I just wanted to say
how proud I am of you.
And I know that if your dad was here,
he would be really proud of you too.
ZOE: Tomorrow, units will
simultaneously attack ships
in London Bridge, Vauxhall and Hackney.
Our target is at the docks in Limehouse.
They've attacked us continually
for months.
Two weeks ago, they stopped.
We’re not sure why.
Given everything we’ve learnt
about them,
this could be our last chance.
You’ve all lost people.
It’s time for some payback.
Bill's going to brief you on what you
can expect to find on board the ship.
Well, uh, I've been...
I’ve been conducting autopsies
on the bodies
that we’ve taken from the river.
And what we found is that
they suffer
from crippling genetic mutations
that result in multiple organ failure.
That’s why they're so reliant
on the creatures.
Because without them, they're helpless.
And given the extent
of their physical degeneration,
we think that you...
You'll encounter minimal resistance.
They’ve also been taking
human babies and foetuses.
And the theory is that
they are using embryonic stem cells...
...to grow new organs.
We think that...
We think that they're
trying to cure themselves.
(PANTING)
Micah.
We're not gonna hurt you.
We just wanna talk.
Micah, please,
you don't have to do this.
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
(GUNSHOT)
Micah!
ASH: I heard about this guy, yeah.
He survives the attack
and spends the next five months
fighting for his life.
Makes it to an army base. Happy days.
Couple of hours later,
he just drops dead.
-You know what killed him?
-What?
-He was killed by a peanut?
-The poor bastard was allergic.
Is that bad luck or what?
People are talking like the attacks
on these ships are gonna change things.
People are scared. They just want
to believe things will get better.
It doesn't mean they will.
It's always glass half-empty with you,
isn’t it?
What is this glass?
(TWIG SNAPPING)
(BIRD SQUAWKING)
(PANTING)
(GASPING)
(GRUNTING)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
(PANTING)
(IN FRENCH)
We're still detecting the ripples.
They're consistent
at one-point-seven-three-six gigahertz.
We located the source.
MAJOR BERTRAN: Where is it?
30AU from earth.
It's beyond the edge of our system.
It makes no sense.
There's nothing there.
MAJOR BERTRAN: Could it be something
to do with the original attack?
I don't see how.
The attack was over six months ago.
(SHIVERING)
(IN FRENCH) Theo asked me
if we were going to get married.
(IN FRENCH) Seriously?
He's very protective of you.
Then you should be nice to me
or he'll beat you up.
I've got to go.
(CHUCKLES)
Seriously!
(TENSE MUSIC)
(PANTING)
(GUNS COCKING)
MARK: Tell the guys at Limehouse
that we're in position.
We've got three people
approaching from the south.
You need to stop them
before they get to the ship.
Ugh!
I think dogs have been eating them.
Oh, my God, that's disgusting.
(IN ENGLISH)
It's no different to eating a burger.
Eating a person
isn't the same as eating a burger.
It is to a dog.
(ALIENS WHOOSHING)
Sacha?
-They're close.
-JONATHAN: Okay, let's go back.
You really don't wanna be going
that way.
-Why?
-There's an alien ship.
We're just about to attack it.
-Are you a soldier?
-Graphic designer.
-You want the tenth floor.
-Okay, thanks.
-Hey, good luck.
-Thanks.
MARK: Are you heading somewhere?
Hi. Yeah. We heard about a group
of survivors in Vauxhall.
-You found us.
-I'm looking for my family.
I thought they might be with you.
You may have seen them or...
MARK: No, they're not with us.
When did you last see them?
Before the attack.
Well, you're just in time.
Here, come take a look.
Here, you can see it down there.
What about the creatures?
That transmitter blocks their connection
to the Quantum Web thing.
Makes them brain-dead.
Like shooting fish in a barrel.
Everyone's checked in.
They're moving into position.
(DEVICE TICKING)
-We need to activate the transmitter.
-We all go at the same time.
Shit.
(TICKING)
(BEEPING)
ALEX: Go, go, go, go.
Where did they go?
We're getting reports
the ships are deserted.
-What's happening?
-HARRY: They're not here. They're gone.
I've got one. I’ve got one.
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
-Should I shoot it?
-TOM: Wait.
That’s my sister.
-Emily?
-Let's get her out. Come on.
(GUNSHOTS)
(CLANGING AND GUNS FIRING)
(GASPS)
(GRUNTS)
What's happening?
-(GUNS FIRING OVER RADIO)
-ALEX: It's a trap. We're under attack.
Alex?
Christ.
They must have cured themselves.
(GUN FIRING IN THE DISTANCE)
(GUNSHOT)
(GUNS FIRING)
-(GUNSHOT)
-(GRUNTS)
-(THUDS)
JONATHAN: Jesus Christ.
(GUNS FIRING IN THE DISTANCE)
We've got to do something.
-(BREATHING HEAVILY)
-(CRYING)
-What happened?
-It was the ones that look like us.
-What do you mean?
-They were waiting for us.
They fucking cured themselves.
What about everywhere else?
Zoe, what is happening?
I don't know.
We lost contact with the other units.
(INDISTINCT CHATTERING)
(CRYING)
Someone help.
-TOM: Mum?
-Tom?
(GASPS) I was so scared.
TOM: We found Em.
She was on the ship.
(GASPS) Emily?
-(CRYING) Emily.
-Hey, Mum.
I thought I'd lost you. (CRYING)
(WIND BLOWING)
-(LAUGHS) I am kicking your arsehole.
-THEO: You don't say that.
Whatever, loser.
(IN FRENCH) Nathan, what’s going on?
NATHAN: We found him in the snow.
Take him to Greta.
Search his bag.
-(IN ENGLISH) He's been shot.
-MOKRANI: Will he live?
GRETA: He's hypothermic.
Get his clothes off.
(MAN GROANING)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
(MICAH SHUDDERING)
(GASPING)
He's one of them.
CATHERINE: I thought they were supposed
to be crippled.
-He walked up here?
-Hey. Why are you here?
Hey. Why are you here?
(GASPING)
I'm looking for someone.
(SHUDDERS) Professor Bill Ward.
Is he here?
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
I... I have to find him.
(SHUDDERING)
Everyone's looking at me.
I don't know what to say to them.
BILL: What are we gonna do?
Zoe, what are we going to do?
Well, the transmitter
won't protect us any more.
-They'll be coming for us.
-(SIGHS) Jesus!
-So... So we should go.
-And go where?
They'll find us and kill us.
They always do.
-So we should stay?
-(LAUGHS) I don't know.
Well, we’ve got to do something.
The only reason I’m in charge
is because everyone else is dead.
Those people out there
are depending on you.
So stop feeling sorry for yourself
and come up with a plan.
(VOICE SHAKING) I didn't ask for this.
None of us asked for it. But we’re here.
(SIGHS)
(CRYING)
(SNIFFLES)
Well, we can't move the wounded,
so I guess we’ll just stay.
Okay.
The girl they found on the ship.
You know her?
Emily.
-Why did they keep her alive?
-I don't know.
She used to be blind.
But after the attack,
she got her sight back.
I think she’s connected
to their Quantum Web.
How can she do that?
I don’t know.
Your guess is as good as mine.
You know, she has
the same tattoo as they do.
She got it done before they got here.
Well, that can't be a coincidence.
I don't know what it is.
-(GASPING)
-It's okay. It's okay.
It's okay, it's okay, it's okay.
It's okay.
Where's Mum?
She was here.
She was needed in the hospital.
You want some water?
I couldn't believe it when I saw you.
I should never have
let you get onto that ship.
-It's not your fault.
-I thought I'd never see you again.
All this time you were with them?
(BREATHING HEAVILY) What do you mean?
You've been gone for months.
What did they do to you?
Emily?
I can’t remember.
I saw Bill.
He's here. He's okay.
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
I promised I’d get your mum as soon
as you were awake. Will you be okay?
You can't give up.
You keep telling me Emily's still alive.
-I want to believe you.
-You should.
Because you feel it?
-You still don't trust me?
-Get some sleep.
(WIND BLOWING)
I let him convince me
'cause I wanted it to be true.
We're only alive because of Sacha.
Maybe we should try to
have faith in him.
(METAL CREAKING)
MARK: It's the steel
in the core of the buildings.
It expands and contracts
with the changes in temperature.
JONATHAN: Yeah.
Yeah, I thought so.
I was wondering what it was.
MARK: There's a map on the table.
I've marked the location
of a group in Mile End.
Maybe your family's there.
Thanks.
Thank you.
What are you gonna do?
People were talking like
it was gonna be D-Day.
It was supposed to change everything.
It's over. They won.
Yeah.
Yeah. We can’t think like that...
No, you have to know
when you're beat, and they beat us.
I'm so tired.
I just want it to be over.
Yeah. Yeah, I know what you mean.
MARK: I hope you find your family.
(THUD)
(IN FRENCH) He's conscious.
MOKRANI: (IN ENGLISH) Hey, hey.
Why did you come here?
-Why did you come here?
-(WEAKLY) The source of the music.
The music we sent into space.
You traced the signal?
Hm.
MOKRANI:
Do your people know we are here?
-MICAH: No.
-MOKRANI: Who shot you?
My brother.
You said you were looking for this man,
Professor Bill Ward. Who is he?
He's responsible for our suffering.
-We can change it.
-What do you mean?
MICAH: It's not too late.
What are these equations?
Can you explain them?
It's a formula.
It measures the torsion
within the monopole.
A magnetic monopole?
You can detect them? You've seen them?
They're part of the nature
of all things.
MOKRANI: Hey. Hey. Hey.
-Can you revive him?
-GRETA: His wound is infected.
We can give him antibiotics,
but it's the last course we have.
They may not even work.
MOKRANI: Do what you can, but we keep
the antibiotics for our own people.
(IN FRENCH)
We should give him the antibiotics.
We need to understand
what he's talking about.
And if we need them
to treat someone else?
Maybe this is more important.
More important than the lives
of the other people here?
What if your sister is hurt?
It's more important than her life?
No.
(IN ENGLISH) Okay.
(IN FRENCH)
Then we don't give him the antibiotics.
(SIGHS)
(INDISTINCT CHATTERING)
(FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING)
ASH: How mad is that?
Must be weird for you seeing her again.
What do you mean?
'Cause after what happened with Helen...
I'm just glad she's alive.
She was on that ship
with them for months.
What were they doing with her?
(IN FRENCH) What's this?
It belongs to the alien guy.
I think it's his journal.
-They keep journals?
-Hm.
What is all that?
They're quantum equations.
This is the Planck constant.
I think this represents
wave particle duality.
The rest I don't understand.
His handwriting's
even messier than yours.
(LAUGHS)
Who's Bill Ward?
I don't know.
He said he was looking for him.
This... This biological weapon
that you're working on,
how soon can it be ready?
Well, I've already identified
the strands of DNA
I can infect them with,
but I need to run some trials.
If we release it before we’re sure,
it could infect us as well as them.
There's so few of us left.
We're out of options.
We might have to take the risk.
Yes, but if we release it
before it's ready, it could wipe us out.
There she is.
Hello, Emily.
How are you? We were...
We were all so worried about you.
-This is... This is Zoe.
-Hi.
We'd, um... We’d like to talk to you
about what happened
when you were on the ship.
Anything you can tell us
would be really helpful.
Why did they come to Earth?
Why are they here?
I don't know.
ZOE: Do you know why
you have the same tattoo as them?
No.
-Why are they trying to kill us?
-I don't know.
There must be something
that you can tell us. Anything.
-I'm really tired.
-ZOE: Did they torture you?
-No.
-Why did they take you?
Did they want something from you?
Emily?
Look, I can't help you. I'm sorry.
They keep her all that time
and then they just let her go?
Why would they do that?
(CRYING) You're human.
This is our home.
-Please, just let me go.
-We're not gonna hurt you.
You came to us for a reason.
-You’re one of us.
-(VOICE SHAKING) No.
-No. I can't be.
-You know it's true.
You've felt it from the moment
we arrived on Earth.
You share our genes.
You feel what we feel.
Why are you keeping me here?
You know a man. Bill Ward.
He’s creating a virus
that will slaughter our people.
You can stop it from happening.
How?
You have to kill him.
(OMINOUS MUSIC PLAYING)